Night Ranger
Goodbye dressed in black on the spot
with the hat
333 walking over the bodies they took
too much hot purple I got theie I'm out
of
here growing weed in the graveyard
purple and green The Chariot Twin
Dragons drawing just burn a Nike it's h
fire hold me tight every day and every
night with a black freef case full of
venomous things the Muse of Oria leaving
bodies in the street Antonia's Wills she
Harvest your dreams Shar doctors War of
the words War of the Worlds maple syrup
cup of sugar flowing over with the
frankincense and M from the house up on
the
hill Medusa cut them R call me the
boie no can do it like
I call me the
Boogie welcome back to Lady
Babylon this is initiating
apocalypse how's it feel everyone does
it me or is the temperature a little bit
high it's a little bit high is it feels
kind of I need to cool need some kind of
cooling in here oh God it's electric
it's in the air you can feel it oh but
don't don't congregation don't you
fear don't you
fear because you know
who's in charge that's
right welcome welcome to the new age of
Darkness it's just now blooming a black
rose and every Tyrant has his
devil
oh welcome back people it's so good to
have you here tonight I'm going to take
you into some text but before I do
before I do and by the way we're going
somewhere tonight we're going as people
are gathering yes media we're gonna see
a little of media too right yes as we're
Gathering we're gonna see a lot of media
because she found the rights that we're
going to be looking at tonight she
founded those
rights mistress o
the
guitar love it give me the here's what
we're going to do no don't give me
anything chewy just hang on a second
because I wanted to share this with
people I just wanted to share this thank
you for allowing me just to read you an
email I just got I just got so it's
forus that it was happening now before
the show it says was Paul the true
Apostle or a radical
apostate what did he touch he touched
his
apostate who's this from it looks very
you know this is stuff I don't know
professionally done dude let's see I
just thought I'd share it with you uh
yeah dear student yeah you can find out
about the four Pauls in the New
Testament Paul the disputed Paul and the
legendary
what I
smell something on your
fingers dive into the powerful Revel
ations dive into the P powerful
Revelations seriously do you even read
the text we critical skills oh here
critical skills for ancient texts let's
see what they're going to do learn to
interpret oh so close it's almost like a
you know like it's not
true right like it's a false advertising
kind of thing I thought you were going
to talk about Texs R I don't care about
your interpretations of anything who is
this who sent me this he's a
PhD what is he
PhD tabore does that say ring a bell for
anyone I'll bet you I'll bet you
children now children please
remember
daddy trains
people and that's how he feeds
chewy do you
understand lady
Babylon is
free lady Babylon is open lady Babylon
has no greed associated with it I won't
let it other people may use it off of us
and trying to anyway it's despicable you
people are despicable let's see what
tabore what is this guy tabore
what is he how much is it going to be
just give it to me look I'm scrolling to
the bottom be all you can be it's saying
I can be something better uh here here
it is look big blue sign up now
fantastic a one-time what payment a
one-time
payment listen to me nobody go to the
bravel if I catch any one of you there
from satanic
congregation you're in deep you're in
deep and it's not me it's the devil
that's gonna do it do you understand we
do not
associate with the
art of
fleecing we do not associate with the
exchange we do not
associate with the mugs and the t-shirts
and the
drives you know what we associate with
we associate with
T that's what we do something that's
concrete and real not your stupid ideas
and the crap you're trying to
sell yeah you got your king in though
didn't you you got your king oh God it's
so beautiful here we go people this ride
that you're about to have this is
fantastic now I told you I told you when
we talked about
project Talos I told you what was going
to happen right I told you and I told
you what Tom
said several years ago talking to the
iminent yion mind of John Price I told
you what Tom said Tom said if you don't
sacrifice these tyrants and their
Patriots on the to the tree of Liberty
right what will
happen yeah they will tear down your
temple yes fantastic I told you that
don't be surprised now it's okay though
don't worry that's the way do you
understand that's the way we welcome
that why do we welcome that because in
this
Crucible where the devil
rules your crimes find you out they find
you out oh my God this is gorgeous this
is gorgeous stuff are you ready to get
your horns on tonight are you ready to
get your horns on don't be worried the
message I want to pass to you is not to
be
worried sit back people who's in charge
who's in charge you ready for
bakus are you oh God don't I hate to see
my dates sitting there shaking what's
wrong what's wrong right don't worry the
temperature is warm so we can relax and
watch the show it's fantastic I'm going
to show you a couple of things tonight
and just you know it just so happened I
just got that email no thank you no
thank you doct no thank you very much
yeah no keep it keep it I'll buy a
couple pizzas right oh God I love it by
the way it's nice to see you nice to see
you and thank you my shirt is very nice
it is it is very nice um and thank you
for coming oh God they're asking me are
they asking me was that a spanking one
oh people what kind of gutter mind do we
have here that requires this constant
purgation pration that's tonight's theme
pration do you know why you get
tyrants because you haven't purged the
people you haven't purged people you
didn't do your religious
Duty and now the majority of you like
somebody who likes Adolf
Hitler do you see what happens do you
see why we're here people for this
purgation do you see now do you get it
when you walk into the prison right and
you walk back to that cell and you see
who's in
charge you understand why the pration is
necessary you understand are you ready
let's see it right in
4995 4995 is that how much it is now
right is that how much it is oh God
[Laughter]
right don't send me solicitations
sweetie unless you
want your vision mythically
exposed do you
understand it's time to put down the
religious Scholars and walk away it's
time do you know why because we're
collecting them over here
satanic in our congregation we're
collecting them bodies bodies bodies how
many more bodies are we gon to have to
collect people
hallelujah praise orange Jesus and thank
you thank you for the new
age it's going to be tremendous people
we have a seat right up front it's
absolutely
gorgeous chewy let's scrub out the
backsides of everybody give it to me
look at this people imprint this on your
head tonight I want you to remember what
is this thing this is a Papyrus fragment
sitting out in the
desert garbage heap and it's got musical
notation right now some of this stuff is
taken there's a pillar too there's a
column and some of these things anyway
there's some musical notation for you
remember where we are
remember we are
with that
instrument we're with the actual
instrument that instrument is the thing
that brings us the lightning or you
ready to see the purple lightning
absolutely gorgeous give it to me give
it to me oh see that lightning do you
know how to bring that lightning you
profane the M how do I know that because
some Theologian told me that no I don't
listen to those fruit cakes right no
because an ancient source told me that
and that's what I'm going to bring you
tonight but I'm also going to bring you
all the boy and I'm going to bring you
um a little bit of exposition of what
he's doing followed by we're going to
talk also with Teddy and look at some of
the work that's being done but before
then I want to bring you some Jewels I
want to bring you some jewels and I
appreciate I appreciate Teddy and old
boy just hanging in there with me why
don't we get through this hit me with
the first one chewy ladies I'm looking
for you I'm looking for you ladies if
you're
yelling do you hear me ladies this is
the percentage of you who do not bow to
the Tyrant this is you who worship on
the
mountaintops yeah ah this is you and the
these are the shouts the cries that you
make ready let's see let's see what
these ladies are up to this is a
minority you know because everybody else
is embracing the Tyrant oh did I not set
things up for you yeah oh I'm sorry this
is the ancient world um thieves right
and we're talking about transfer of
power right and um the person who gets
the power turns out to be a rotten
Tyrant yeah that's the story that's the
story see if we had done
this months ago if we had purged thanks
to these great
artists if we could use them to
purge right why do you think Athena is
the leader of art why do you think it's
she who's the master of everything
artistic every technical skill that
virgin is the one right right she is the
spear Shaker oh God why do you know what
that vibration does just that vibration
from her spear puts you into a place of
total abject
fear come let's go away and do the bakic
thing
today did I just swallow Dr Seuss or
something what the what the hell was
that do get over here you Mr Rogers pull
down his
pants oh
yeah it's gone thank you I know some of
you enjoy that some of you can't stand
it I know give it toy give me the next
one look people here's the text I'm just
going to read it straight up to you cuz
who am I I am
dionisis wait a minute dianis perfect we
have this tyrant we have this time room
what do we do dionis first thing what
does dianis do I I
drive the women out of their houses with
Mania wait what I drive them out of
their houses with Mania right they go
around these people they're totally
they're out of their wits right and I
force them I forc them to wear my kit I
forc them to carry my
get wait um this is at your orgies right
yes at my orgies do you know who rules
this
world yeah and what are his orgies all
about oh God you're GNA love this bring
we're g to bring them on we're gonna
bring them on right this is the glories
everybody's so sad don't be sad don't be
sad this is prison welcome give me the
next one but the good thing is you know
it's a total 100% purgation baby we get
the stuff worked out down here what are
these women carrying or what are they
being forced to Bear they're being
forced to Bear the SC wait the equipment
the attire the apparel the apparel the
fashion the style of dress or equipment
and uhoh look at number two at the
bottom I'm gonna flash you and I Doon I
I Doon right in your face every one of
you having dinner now raise your
chicken and say I do I do I do do it
three times click your heels while
you're doing it I don't know why but
it's good do it and do you know what it
means for those of you who are taking a
Greek it's your
genitalia it's your
genitalia do you know what the
instruments
of the Lord of this world are they are
your
genitalia do you understand do you know
the cult now from Antiquity do you see
it you're not going to get any of this
because none of the people who are
putting their fingers in places they
shouldn't none of these
people goes to the text right why don't
you you want to know Paul read [ __ ]
Paul man oh did I I say a bad word oh
Jesus Christ don't listen cover your
ears stare at the naked kid you were
with when you were arrested if you want
but don't hear my foul language give it
to the next and we have to give it yeah
no no there look there he is right right
you wonder why people were like crucify
that fruit right right look at him he's
crazy dude you want to see a description
of this no stop chewy chewy what you've
done is you've given a very an just an
outstanding visual depiction here of
Jesus Christ and we have another Christ
going through the same thing with the
same facial expressions it's gorgeous
man oh I love it love you
Jesus oh your Thorns are so big makes me
so oh what is that Mel Gibson be gone be
gone
give me the next one go who is this what
does dianis do what does the God of this
world do that you're watching whose
priests are out there whose priests are
out there you know who I'm talking about
you know what I'm talking about they're
the ones who bring the Revel they bring
it with the music you know they do love
it there are these women what does he do
he drives them crazy right out of their
houses baby dve drives them absolutely
crazy do you know what the answer to
tyranny is
lunacy sexy driven coordinated pound
pound Pound oh
lunacy huh it's the
pration the stops the
Tyrant isn't that
interesting wow no people are like huh
don't worry it's the Dark Ages again you
don't have to know any of this and I'll
be surprised if we last much
longer yeah but is a tribute to the
comedian that that
so threw off the
ship and
drown to
youus whose name means good
City a Mr Good City we're here we're
here we know the
Tyrant
yeah and we're going to stand why
because the souls of the Dead who stood
for free
speech who stood
against the prostitution of Lady
Liberty who stood against those of you
who would bring down
justice will'll still stand against you
your God and your
king because we worship the lady on the
hill give me the next one give me the
next one oh God this is so this is you
know people you have to be living it
welcome it's gorgeous a gorgeous
apocalypse what does this say it's
necessary listen to me people why are we
all here today on this very day when
we're all sad why are we here because
it's necessary for the I'm translating
it's necess Neary for the city to learn
and to learn thoroughly even if it
doesn't want
to it's necessary for it to
learn
yeah especially when it is
uninitiated in my bic rights they have
to learn and in doing that what's he say
I am going to defend my
mother do you hear here him I'm going to
fend my mother I'm going to defend her
well how am I going to do that I'm going
to show
you that I am that diamond I am that
demon born to
Zeus oh God that sounds threatening
right it sounds
threatening I'm gonna show you that I
was birthed in the
lightning do you understand do you
understand that that's what's
coming that's what's coming give me the
next one what happens here okay so you
know people are not going to accept this
right people don't want to the Tyrant
Tyrant doesn't want to share power are
you kidding tyrants no they don't do
that at all baby it all goes up to them
and everybody else
bows bows I know I know it's difficult I
know it's difficult to consider what is
that the person who frees us from the
tier what is their mother's name because
that's what they're talking about these
musicians are talking about that name
and where is the root for that and GRE
and where does it come from her name
simile comes from the same word that
means
coas and if you remember kids who were
in
break if you remember that's the spiral
shell that's the shell of the little
mollusk that gives us the
purple do you understand when they say
he was born the
lightning do you have ears to hear that
now do you have ears to hear that I
didn't give those ears to you for
$49.95 do you understand if you want to
go down to cell block a with all the
with all the
pimps you're welcome to you're welcome
to but I don't hang with The Pimps right
don't need The Pimps Don't Need The
Pimps I'm just a poor guy I'm just a
poor guy yeah I'm not interested in your
pimpery
fantastic and they don't they don't get
it they never get it they just continue
do you know how many people have written
to me and have said my God man what a
wonderful marvelous thing that you're
doing yeah by showing people what it
is yeah look at the
prostitution right look at it love it
love it go to the next one give me it I
only have a few tonight because we're
going to bring on a couple of guests
right I'll get about 15 more minutes let
me flash some words up real quick to BMA
what is that it's Bic
rivalries bonic rivalries
okay thank concert thank holy concert
where you and I have
[Music]
communion give me the next one we're
going to see we're gonna go okay BMA
give me the next one give me the next
one B what is this well it's to be in a
frenzy because that that's what we
are that's who we are when we
are in the Bic Rave do you understand
there's a capacity in this
that um we are only beginning now to see
the very surface of we're not we haven't
Plumb plumbed the depths of this
medically medically people give you oh
look they gave him a mushroom and now
his PTSD is less dude stop drinking huh
you know what that is that's a dip in
the pool that's a just putting your
finger in there's a surface coming in
there's a wave here that you could ride
all the way to freaking
Renaissance God Can you feel it can you
feel that vibration oh God where's the
whip I I don't know I need to release
some of that give me give me the next
one what is this oh God
B isai what are these they're songs
right
tacus ancient
rock and roll DIY Ram dude these are the
priests of Apollo and they're going to
bring us the
light and every third
year orientation is going to
switch and those priests are going to go
dark and they're going to go to bacus
and that's where we
are did you feel the switch
[Laughter]
R oh god oh it's hey again right don't
be afraid there's no reason to be afraid
there's no reason why because watch what
Baka says just right we got him here
let's talk to him give it to
me right give it to me oh here's another
just another noun here what's your Bak
frenzy it's your Baka do you want it
look at it oh look at the gorgeousness
at the bottom in the middle
here the
Mania right and the bakic
state right oh God
frenzied frenzied intellect think about
that for a
minute think about frenzied
intellect when were you ever your best
yeah when Aeros had you frenzied you saw
the world you saw the beauty you felt
that
healing yeah because Aeros was there
right this is what we use to purge do
you understand this is what is in the
purple it will turn
you into a dead Sader
yeah you'll be a
mead you'll be a frenzied Mead do you
want to be frenzied I know we don't
promote this in society
today uhhuh and somehow because we don't
this stuff bubbles up through the
surface and pops out
some person who loves Adolf
Hitler and what is this time need it
needs a third time
pration needs a third time pration are
you ready give me the next text give me
the next text oh it's gorgeous it's
gorgeous here's another one Bak what is
that well it's a baket right a frantic
look at the look at the English here a
frantic handmade of
Hades right I'm GNA show you that the
Frantic hand me oh God is that sexy now
people come on seriously shame on us if
we don't thank so for all of those those
of you out here who don't think a maiden
of hell is
sexy that's what you need that's what
you
need oh please please send me right
right send
me don't worry don't worry if she's
invisible oh God okay I'm sorry we got
to go back to the text I'm starting to
get lost here in The Ether
plays that same one that we were just on
yep um oh that's the bakun right let's
go let's go see where she is right where
am I pulling this people by the way my
text tonight are Ides the bakai right
and hecuba I'm taking a little bit of
hecuba out too right what am I doing I'm
giving you all the environment in which
all of your sacred texts are bathing are
you ready what's happening oh God that's
what it said I'm
translating look at ah I'm transl oh
God shut up right be quiet be quiet
who's talking I don't know but he smells
like a tyrant he smells like a tyrant oh
God be quiet I hear the footsteps of
ladies yeah and you know what I want to
do he says I want to find a place where
I can jump out and grab them and shovel
down their flesh and
Bone do you understand the hunger do you
understand the hunger this Tyrant is
gonna find a place of
Ambush place of Ambush you know what the
Oracle said she said she'd kill his
son-in-law and have sex with his
daughter that's what she said about this
Tyrant can you smell it can you smell
the retribution you smell the crime
somebody needs to
purge give it to me yeah there we go
sorry you already gave it to me um I was
being theatric did you like that um no
cut it out chewy says right if you want
me to cut that out you say so too please
so um anyway what's happening I'm gonna
tack I'm gonna attack one of these women
says the Tyrant you know what I'm going
to do I'm going to put my hands all over
them you know what I mean I I'm
going yeah to turn this thing into a
banquet for
beasts and in doing so do you hear the
tyrant in doing so I'm going to consume
their flesh and I'm going to get my
revenge for everything they did to
me welcome
welcome to the
apocalypse this is the
revealing yeah can you feel Can You Feel
the air oh God give it to me get him off
give it to
me where's the next one you know it's a
you know we're taking by the way we're
um we're guessing how long how how long
can we continue right we owe it to yupis
we owe it to the Mr Good City don't we
we do we owe it to them Free
Speech right what happens here oh God
there's a concern there's a concern with
the Tyrant doesn't want his children
going to the
banss the bachet of
Hades yeah to be devoured to be
sacrifice right to be fed to the dogs up
in the
hills
yeah do you understand what's coming to
the
tyrant open your ears listen to the mean
ads who don't do what you want them to
do right but maintain that
Mountaintop they're still out there
they're still out there give it to me oh
give it to me where is she where is she
what's this say she comes from who is
this woman we're talking about it's the
mother of
diis if you haven't guessed yet and she
comes from Cadmus that Royal
Line and what has she
done she's given birth to the Son of
God hundreds hundreds of years
before any sort of Christian reference
any monest
BS right we have the concept of the Son
of
God pull up the pull up the next one
pull up the next one here we go let's
bring him in March him in March him in
give them to us right the
city right if this
city of the people like you and me if
this place ever in its foolish murderous
wrath
decides to
remove the women from the Mountain Top
by
force I will join them as their leader
do you understand what the Bic
responsibility is
it's to her it's to her do you
understand do you realize why we always
end up back with Aphrodite do you
realize that because they can never
beat her beauty they can never beat her
beauty so what do we do we guard it we
guard it right right okay good let's
look at the tyrants again let's look
keep going keep going right people are
saying oh my God right oh what is this
what kind of study is this do you know
what kind of study this is this is
mainstream baby this is mainstream this
is stuff that none of those theologians
ever ever ever work with
Minos
bados hey right raving frantic like
Lissa oh don't you love Lissa she's sexy
sexy Lissa what does Lissa do for you
she makes you crazy she makes you crazy
thank you Lisa we love you mad woman we
love you Cassandra do you know what
Cassandra does she is the
Oracle
nobody listens to her nobody hears her
it's her curse it's her curse for being
chased by
apulo she is that Runner who is one step
ahead of the music do you understand
she's the one that musician is always
chasing and if that musician can come up
with her
portrait they're finished they're
complete initiation born
again oh God just to bring that image
just to bring that
image is the enemy of the Tyrant do you
understand why we must protect those
women who were left in the Hills right
now don't get too close to them because
they will kill you right they don't need
protection like that right they don't
need protection they need somebody to
open their
mouth right to
speak right so that everybody
else looks at them and sees
them so they can bring back Renaissance
right Renaissance oh God lady rocker
right lady Rockstar who is she bring her
out one of you servants bring her out
bring her forward I begged her the Muse
I was like please please
send
someone who can sing your image into
reality oh God isn't that what isn't
that what we all want is it oh no is it
no some of us want what we want Hitler's
generals what you want Hitler's G did do
you know what happened when I asked the
Watchers about that right oh God how can
they take you people seriously see you
know really Thomas Jefferson Thomas
Jefferson how is Tom gonna take any of
us seriously do you know what's going to
happen to all of us this is in the
future okay I'm telling you the future
I'm sorry I'm just going to give it to
you yeah yeah yeah yeah it's a Time ship
you know yeah
whatever right it's a little bit of just
a little bit of little bit of it you
know what I'm talking about a little bit
of it yeah um what's going to happen um
they're going to look at us and they're
going to say these people these
people
Nazis Nazis Nazis every one of them do
you know what when we study history and
we look at Germany do you
realize we don't really distinguish
between the people who are saying oh you
know it's a little bit wacky and uh the
dude is you know oh God hateful right oh
God people are dying oh right what do we
do oh God what if the Kaiser was so much
better right what do we
do yeah
we fall and history proclaims us all a
trash heap of
Nazis
congratulations welcome to the new Dark
Ages isn't it gorgeous give it to me
give me another one here look this is
what I mean this is what I mean people
look how gorgeous this can get I'm
goingon to do this one really fast oh
this is a chorus look at the top chorus
oh God you gotta love them chorus rings
out and says oh you're the most for man
whoever you are who's been brought to
those rights of initiation you've made
your life holy and you've entered your
soul into the
Theos being on those mountaintops
getting all Bic doing your holy
purifications and worshiping the mother
the great mother Sim
cily what do you do
you you most fortunate of Mortals you
shake your
thsis you put that you put that Ivy into
a wreath around your head blow it up
chewy I can't see it blow it up you put
that oh there it is you put that Ivory
that Ivy right and what do you do you
serve bacus and how does that help
hey get off the
ground bakic women
get off the ground stand up go go
women do you know
what the
purification
[Music]
does it allow get
this it
allows the
woman to bring
out
urania Queen of the Universe
yeah yeah you bring out that which is
inside of
you isn't that gorgeous it's an
education
literally
Ed to lead something
out okay Fantastic look those Romans
those Hut dwelling Romans manage to
capture something right oh we love it
don't we we love it what happens to the
Ty what happens bring it back up where
were we here blow it up chewy we got
we're worshiping bakas we're telling the
the the bakic women to start doing your
thing right start doing your thing
you've got to show them why because
we're going to bring we're going to
bring from the mountains of friia that's
where they're coming from yay right in
Turkey um we're going to bring that all
the way down to Greece we're going to
come on the highways man bring you those
roads we're going to bring you dionis
we're going to bring you bromus who is
this bromus are you ready you don't
believe me nobody ever
does um first of all we have to do this
we have to th we have to declare law and
right do you understand me law and right
are about to be
challenged by the
leader do you understand law and right
and that's what bachans do
they stand for the great mother lawfully
rightfully give me the next one do you
see that's why all the people with the
signs right it doesn't mean anything
what is bromus bromus who is BAS he is
the sounding one he's the noisy one he's
the boisterous one look at look at oh
God look at in the third line down in
section Roman numeral 2 it says
bromma that's the potion of promus
do you know what that is that's the
drink of ecstasy it's the drink of
ecstasy and what was the next one chew
or that the text I didn't finish text no
this one I think it was no that one yeah
that one oh no that that
one yep there it is there's bromus right
oh wait was there anything no okay keep
going Bo okay and BOS look at this
people bakus is the name of dionis here
it is again the wine here it is the wine
right and you can just talk about the
garlands involved so do you see how the
whole cult gets caught up within the
language itself and you're not going to
learn this unless you go to that Greek
you're not going to learn this right and
it's not going to um uh uh you're not
going to see the reality and that's what
a lot it it enables people who want to
fool you with some kind of theology or
some kind of fairy tale you may have
heard one right you may have heard
one right if you do what I ask you to do
I'm going to give you X Y or Z right now
stop having intercourse with your
husband come and have your demons your
sexual demons cast out right and by the
way give me those kids I want to make
some Unix give me the next one before
they find out Jesus love loves
them what is dianis he is the
tower right that bull horned God and
people ask me all the time why why the
horns why the horns give me the next one
give me the next
one um what else is he gonna hang his
crowns of snakes on yeah his crowns of
Snak he's got he wears
wait what yeah he's got
stuff on his head he's dude he's got
snakes right why do they have snakes
because these Hunters these ladies who
are huntresses and have these um theoo
these
covens
of of women who get really jacked on
drugs and do some militaristic stuffff
man I'm telling you it's militaristic I
mean imagine this think about the Boy
Scouts except it's ladies right and all
the ladies are there totally jacked
totally jacked and these are aggressive
these are they're jacked on drugs that
make you aggressive and horny okay
that's not a recipe for anything but
purgation but purgation but you know
afterwards oh God the lassitude they
have records of mead women right up
doing their stuff right and they come
down from the mountains people there's
one record of a village I think this was
Lucian I'm not quite sure but there's a
record of a v it may have been plutar a
matter matter of fact I think it was
plutar he said there was a village where
uh the bach and women had come down
after their
celebration which had lasted a number of
days and they come down after their
celebration and they were all laying in
this Village just passed out right and
people want to know what do you do what
do you do with the bucket ladies right
and so they just picked them up and put
them in their beds you know gave them
drink right everything that you would do
right and brought him back let them
revive and come back because they have
to come out of it and it's not that they
were just a bunch of drunk playing
around no they are anesthetized these
people right they are under the
influence of very heavy drugs very heavy
drugs give me the next give me the next
one and you know the people they'll say
oh oh you know right away when I first
came out and started talking about drugs
in the ancient world people were like no
no no no that can't possibly be oh my
God right now there's so many there's so
many and none of them will answer me
about the Christ right by the way for
the dude who's trying to back out of
talking to me on a national show you sir
are a coward and you serve a
pedophile give me the next one cowards
cowards Jesus was a fraking guy arrested
in a public park with a naked kid answer
that argument give me the next one
cowards you monest coward wordss you
can't do anything you have your king
sitting on his Thrones come on come
on come on come here Jesus come here
Jesus oh give it to me it's so gorgeous
man you couldn't coordinate this concert
better baby right and what's and I'm
setting this up for you by the way I'm
setting it up please don't don't forget
it's the whole time ship thing right it
goes forward too right so just wait just
it's you're going to see it's gor it's
absolutely gorgeous Watch What
Happens um these look at the very center
of this myad these mean EDS what do they
do oh God they're putting in their hair
and it's plamo there you know they have
their hair done in a certain specific
way that facilitates the holding of the
snakes isn't that neat and there's
descriptions of licking their little
licking have you ever had a snake right
oh God they love M right lovey they love
it snakes are lovely now their snakes
are extremely venomous but don't worry
because they have antivenom and they're
on
Venom okay so they know how to regulate
this stuff you know how they choose
their their babies they put a snake in
with a kid if it dies then not too bad
right why would you do that why would
you do that I don't know why would you
let a mother abort a fetus who was dying
because the fetus
died
yeah the ladies on the hill where are
you where are you shh don't come down
and kill us don't come down and kill us
right I don't know maybe he that guy
looks like he wants to give me give it
to me come on they need some serious
stuff and we have a couple of guests and
they're like shut up you're taking too
first right the first mother began this
holy form of
murder wait what um I'm I have to remind
you the the Meads serve the devil do you
understand the Mead serve the devil you
mean they're the ones who bring the
light yeah it turns out the dude that
was arrested with the kid that was a
sham right Abraham running around
chasing his kid with a sword sham
right Moses sitting in front of a bush
getting high hearing the voice of God
what did God tell you to do Abraham like
what me to kill him none of that is real
but these Meads are real do we have any
pictures of real Meads chewy give me
give me a couple of these off pods
people y did we have to plant a cross in
the
middle
chewy okay you can imagine what's behind
the cross
and why is that they have a mead there
with their thus and they've got a Seder
and that seder is at full staff right
just ready to go ready to go that seder
has said so much Sati satian that he is
just you can't hold him back dude give
that guy a guitar right now and have
that Mead beat the hell out of him with
that
thus right I told you when we need to
purge here's more here's more oh there's
a little purging look by the way that
thus that she's holding right that thing
is sharpened the head of it is
sharpened right it's not just some giant
pine cone they found right right and
they're very militaristic oh I forgot to
tell you these women are militaristic
maybe that's why there's a
tyrant maybe that's why there's Tyrant
did we
forget did we leave them up in the hills
where are those ladies where are those
ladies I hear your death rate ladies is
going up yeah remember that whole child
birth thing and Antiquity they think
that like a third of the women probably
were dying in childbirth you're going to
start creeping back up there right
because it's the Dark Ages don't look at
me like that it's the Dark Ages oh
fantastic it's gorgeous man give me the
next one hurry hurry we we only have a
couple more of these people then we're
bringing guests where' we go oh there's
another one the Bak holay who is that
that's filled with the spirit of bachas
keep going keep going look people what's
what is this all for it's so we can
attack him do you understand this is
from the voice of the Mead who's about
to tear the head off of the Tyrant and
what does she say give me the next one
she's about to tear the head off of the
Tyrant right and what does the Tyrant
say to her listen to the voice of the
Tyrant oh Mommy
have mercy on me your
son right don't kill your son for his
sins for my sins he says right what is
he doing what is the Tyrant
doing give me the next
one the Tyrant is waiting for her and
what is she doing she has foam coming
out of her
mouth are you ready to see the christing
she has foam coming out of her mouth and
her eyes are
rolling her eyes are rolling and she is
obviously out of her
mind the bakic power holds
her okay do you understand this is a
transition you are in an ecstatic
State and I know I know if you're
sitting out there you say I've never
been ecstatic I've never been into the
state of
ecstasy well I'm sorry it's because you
married a preacher
right yeah he studies a language that
has has 7,000 words has 7,000 words much
different from the
greatek much different give me the next
one
we're almost done chewy we're totally
behind here um yeah so what are we what
does she do this Mina she summons bakas
and what is bakus to her bakus is that
that
kunon
kunon right oh God what does that mean a
kunon is your person who leads your dogs
that is a woman who hunts with
dogs and do you
know what bakas becomes he becomes that
Hunter with
you that fellow worker do you understand
the Throne of Satan do you understand
the mystery of
iniquity is at
play do you understand here we go give
it to me you want to make that fellow
worker right oh God here's some stuff
some musical stuff look conjunct Tetra
chords I don't oh God I just want people
to see how technical this this musical
stuff is it's a gorgeous world and
onethird of ancient education was music
and I am sorry for being so stupid so
stupid but my education is not in music
and it it disables me right it disables
all of us that's why we turn to the
music
musicians right we turn to them for
inspiration right I love it I love it I
love that conjunct tetrachords share a
note while disjunct Tetra cours oh God I
feel disjunct right now and some wise
Alec out there goes yeah that's how
you've been the whole
time conjunct Tetra cord share a note
while disjunct Tetra cords are separated
by a disjunctive tone of
98 a Pythagorean
major
second now if you understood that out
there if you
understood what was going on good for
you please spank
me um that's the way it works you see
why musicians always Enlighten us right
the people who created democracy the
people who really brought the scientific
method right those people right are
enlightened by
this this is sexy because m music is the
cosmos right Cosmos means
order
structured purposeful order a
cosmos is what a woman carries
around yeah it's all of her hygiene
Cosmetics drugs
anything she needs to make you fall in
love right isn't that nice I think
that's nice that's the universe to them
a woman ordering
herself what a concept what a concept
where are we with that are we on the
women ordering theel no no no no welcome
to misogyny Ville welcome back doesn't
it feel great people we're going to have
a whole bunch of misogynist Now ladies
get into the kitchen get into the
kitchen where Jesus wants you right his
boy is hungry his naked boy is
hungry right to the ladies that love the
Tyrant to the ladies that love the
Tyrant
yeah yeah Let the Ghosts of the past
show you what you've done oh God God
it's gorgeous give me it's you know you
can't get away from this stuff give me
we're almost done we're almost done
let's just uh go there go there yeah try
this yeah try that one look people oh we
gotta go we got to do Paul it's this one
okay now I'm gonna bring Paul in now now
I'm going to show you right now I just
got the email and that was totally not
planned that was totally not planned but
somebody came out great doctor came out
and said for
$49.95 I am gonna blow wait what for
$49.95 I'm G to sell you something about
Paul right no let's just go to Paul this
way more interesting just look at Paul
right so um what does Paul say in Romans
13:11 he says look he says knowing this
is your opportunity right that the time
is now right it's closer than we thought
it
was right what what is it the time for
Paul it's the time to be raised
from your
sleep your
salvation is
closer than you
anticipated wait a minute we're still
talking about raising people from the
dead again yes yes do you understand why
because it's part of the Christian
initiation give me the next one what
else Paul what else do you want to tell
us oh God night has broken the day is
approaching it's real
close let's put off all the works of
darkness the works of darkness that
which is appropriate to the night
mystery put that stuff off oh you don't
believe me that's what he's talking
about you thought he was just talking
about
morality you freaking morons oh my God I
want reach through the camera right now
and bust you in the face so bad do you
understand what you've done you morons
you sold out your sphincters are huge
they're huge you could run a train
through that it's the vision it's it's
the vision of the myth do you understand
you can sell this stuff you can sell
this
Vision ah
ladies get your lipstick ready right put
yourself in
order what do we have to
do we have to put off that darkness and
assume the light and there are weapons
there are instruments to do so hit it
give me the second one what people
should you not be doing no next one what
should you not be doing let's live as if
it were
daytime right right we're going to be
creatures of the day what are we not
going to participate in ready kids are
you ready I'm describing to you the
Mysteries that I don't want you to do
and instead you sit there and you say
you bring in your Sunday school you
bring this you oh God you these are the
moral things these are the sins that you
shouldn't commit what kind of things CMO
you know what those are those are Bic
revelries you jerk right and now they're
selling by the way I see they're selling
did you see this they're selling dionis
in Jesus now right do you see what
happens they're listening and they hear
and they hear a little something and
they say ah this little bit of reality
that's poking its head out I'm GNA pinch
it off and I'm gonna sell it I'm going
to sell it sellers you are buyers and
sellers in your anal cavities are
huge right I said I'm done I'm done with
any sort of
compromise amateurs you're
amateurs you don't know what you're
doing you're
thieves and you're taking a dump on what
is
sacred how long did you think that that
would be permitted oh my God oh my God
bow to the king bow to him give me the
last one what does Paul say here he says
look I want you to put on Jesus that
christed
one right and don't for God's sake don't
even think for a minute about that
sexual desire about that sexual desire
where were those places we don't want to
go we don't want to go to the bck at
revelries we don't want to be among
methis among people who are intoxicated
and under the influence fluence of these
drugs right you got to stick with us
because they're using drugs too they
they're called drug users the apostles
by other
people right you didn't know that
because that was taken out of the Bible
right any book that refers to them as
drug users was taken out you don't
believe me acts of Thomas right a of
philli check it out what what else who
else do you don't need to hang out with
the Quai the people who are getting
involved in the sexual activity that
assel Gay Ice that really really dirty
polluted stuff right what are they
trying to do they're trying to shed that
they're trying to get rid of that right
and all by the way all that faction and
stuff that's what that stuff creates
Paul doesn't want you to be
involved and you know who understands
that pronoia
herself pronoia herself
Paul is functioning within a
system and that
system has a matrix of
language and we can resurrect we can
resurrect that reality from Antiquity
but we can only do that through the
language and that is not what Mr
tabore oh excuse me Dr tabore that's not
what he's given you for 49 and 95 five
now I'm going to bring somebody on I
want to bring
on um well let's bring on both all boy
and and Teddy oh wait what yeah you keep
going okay um let first of all let's I
want to talk about all boy right go
ahead and bring him up bring him up
right here guys you ready here pull him
up boom boom and boom Fantastic look at
us um Teddy be here there's Teddy hey
Teddy how you doing we're on we're on
yeah
fantastic fantastic I want to start with
I want to start with old boy and I want
to ask you old boy you're now working as
a TA you're helping people to learn
ancient Greek and you're making videos
outstanding videos you just made one
about the pans another one right and
what I saw you doing there that I really
wanted to stress tonight was that you
were working with text and I didn't hear
any ideas out of your mouth all I heard
was pure text work and I just want you
to know I thought it was gorgeous and I
hope that people will see that kind of
Renaissance work and will say oh look
instead of bsing people for $
49.95 right this person is just giving
us the reality so say something to the
people out there of the congregation say
something to them about what you do and
where your interests are and you know
what you think of the
work okay well first off thank you for
having me here um you know it's
a um it's great to be here and basically
when I was thinking about um the
presentations you know I always think
that it's the main source that the most
important thing there and you know we
need to let them speak for themselves um
I don't need to be piecing together
different
ideas um in that kind of way and
presenting things that are based on my
own Concepts I could sometimes offer
those insights but predominantly I just
want to highlight the importance of you
know going out there colleting all the
sources around a given topic and um and
then presenting them and let them speak
for themselves because that's the most
important thing and obviously with the
Greek what's been very liberating is um
being able to go into those texts and
actually read them with that that native
mindset and to really get that native
meaning coming through and I personally
feel like it's a very visual kind of
language so as I'm reading it you know
it's Conjuring up images in my mind and
you know they were clearly very
spatially aware and you know the
language kind of paints a picture for me
and being able to do that and go into
the texts and really understand it or at
least be close to the native
understanding and then to try and bring
that into the the English it's you get
so much more out of it than just if
you're reading an English translation
because sometimes translators you know
that can be taking um I don't want to
say Liberties but you know that can they
can be presenting it in a way um where
their input is certainly um their
fingerprint certainly on that
translation so it's great to be able to
cut through that and then just be able
to break it down and analyze the the
words themselves and to get as much
meaning out of them as possible so
that's um that's how I've been operating
and you know taking a leaf out of out of
your book as well so you know thank you
for for showing the way and for for
giving us the
Greek Tell Me Oh Boy tell me real quick
for people who are out there and they're
thinking about you know they can feel
the draw to the language um tell us you
know
tell us what it's like to go ahead and
push yourself far enough that you can
start picking it up and reading it
yourself what kind of is there anything
you can say to help people to make that
decision like do I really want to commit
to this you know what would you tell
these
people well you know it's um I kind of I
look at it as in the same way that I
look at other Arts you know I practice
martial arts as well and
it's never an easy learning curve if you
want to achieve something um you've got
to put the time into it and there's
there's no shortcuts there unfortunately
so it is it is a steep learning curve to
begin with but if you can be disciplined
and get through that immediate learning
curve um it opens up so so much um so
many Pathways so I would say stick with
it when it gets tough you know
there's there's people there that want
to help progress as well so there's a
support network around you you know I
would I want to thank as well the people
who I was actually going through the
learning with as well because you know
we were helping each other bouncing off
each other and for me um having that
support as well was was a big help so
all I would say to people who are
embarking on the journey is always
remind yourself of the bigger picture
why you set out to do it to begin with
recognize that you're going to have to
put some time in uh to it to get over
that initial learning curve um but
always remind yourself of why you did it
and and what the end goal is going to be
and just surround yourself with with
like-minded people who you can you can
bounce off of and and learn off and lean
on for support when things get tough as
well so that's that's what I would say
but it's worth it all all
day brilliant brilliant yeah and I think
I like that it's worth it right it
really is it really is and I um wish you
many many years of just ex exploration
that's all it's been for me the whole
time 30 33 years just exploration and
there's so much Beauty out there oh the
the dope of the ancient Greek is so
strong man and oh God it's always new
those sources you can swim around
anywhere you want they're always new
okay
um Teddy let's go switch to Teddy real
quick Teddy and then we're gonna um
answer questions together Teddy um tell
me your art that you you know we just
talked to all boy about his arts and
he's got several Arts including martial
arts and whatnot Ryan um by the way
totally outdoing my mojo but good job um
okay so um tell us Teddy about your art
which is bringing us the tunes
tell us about you know what's what's
motivating you what you know what's
pushing you what kind of what do you
want to tell to other people that are
just like us you know what's inspiring
you can you hear me I guess I don't even
know if the microphone works so yeah
yeah we're good go ahead cool cool yeah
know I'm uh thanks for having me on
shout out to the congregation thanks to
chewy thanks Aon hail Satan uh and uh
I'm just out there you know doing the
stuff living uh living in
culus doing the
Bania uh you know trying to be as close
to boxy as I can uh just to stir the pot
and how strong is your magic that's the
real question is how strong is your
magic right uh and uh in the new
record I tried to just address that sort
of sort of warrior
goddess and like the title track do your
makeup it's two things well we know you
put the drugs on the face right so this
about doing the drugs and everyone
applies the drugs to their face so it's
a metaphor because just you know but you
got to keep it simple for the you got to
keep it simple for the people because if
you keep it too complicated the people
don't get it I can use
big words but people won't hear the
syllables right so you got to keep it
simple sometimes in
lyrics
aome go ahead what's the no that's okay
well let me go let me go ahead and ask
you another question so how do you think
your music is changing right does it I
mean I mean are you learning anything
from this process are you becoming a
better musician in this
process oh for sure and I'm applying
myself because art is an equation so uh
you know a lot of what I do is just
exercising I guess it's like you know uh
playing the guitar or doing karate you
know but you know you just go there and
you do your lefts and your rights you
keep balance and do you do yourself so
um I'll have a like a list of things I
want to try and then I'll have a bunch
of lyrics and I'll just go and do the
work so it's like practicing you know
your cuts and stuff and doing any stuff
and learning the words because I used to
one of my mentors and this dude named
raml z would call me up on the phone all
the time and this guy would write his
own lyrics and he was like you know very
fluent in multiple things and I think
similar to Cowley alist Crowley he knew
that the people were were translating
and not applying it correctly because
they were like stale and stagnant when
it should be colorful and bright and
that's why I do The Man Who Laughs and I
laugh it up in um the Pennywise thing
because the original Pennywise show it
was filmed in Vancouver where I grew up
so the movie is the city streets before
it changed and that's why I um relate to
the the the movie so much in the
character and there was I think there
was this Clifford olssen dude there was
these people that were dressed up like
clowns and murder kids and there was the
pikon farm where they chopped up the
babies and they fed them to pigs and
then they fed the pigs to the humans so
that's like one-step cannibalism but
there's all sorts of crazy stuff and I
apply this to to to to singing with The
Muse and to emanate the greatest uh
possible emanations you know to to
Spring forth from a source and I'm
honored to do such in in this way uh
and to stir the pot because people are
terrified when I say Jesus is a
pedophile who got caught trying to
traffic children and was high on drugs
and I'm just like but it's what I'm just
saying why you gota be so
afraid so oh and last
time because the moon was
full and you get a peculiar feeling but
people pale Deuces so a really good uh
friend of the family Patty she married
it to one of the family she died that
night
and one of my other friends her son OD
that night so people were just and I'm
talking about really dead real dead not
just fake deaded
so maybe I was possessed by the rotten
grape juice baby just so that people
think you know is this guy
crazy who's the who's the boogeyman I'm
gonna ask that then I'm gonna ask uh um
all boy to ask you a question so who's
the boogeyman number one and all boy you
come up with a question you want to ask
Teddy okay so here comes the boogeyman
that's a record I did a couple years ago
but I do this Mariachi thing where I
dress up sort of like uh on the Day of
the Dead Diaz Diaz de uh and he sort of
see dressed like a Maran but the
skullman and so the boogeyman is a guy
because he's boogying because you don't
Dan your Boogie but you got to Boogie
over the dead bodies because the people
are dead and so it sort of has that Mar
Marty grth thing where like maybe
they're drunk and stuff but that's the
whole scenario and it's sort of the
Assassin thing too because because you
know you get sent in to do the job a lot
of times you're entertaining that's how
you can get closer to people and maybe
the dancing girl is really the Assassin
and the Mariachi is just you know the
guy that sort of helps bring it in but
you guys talk about the string Pluckers
all the time you're talking about these
things which relate exactly to
the the balades and what these people
are really doing I think in the 70s and
the 80s when it all sort of flipped
fantastic um 70s and 80s flip oh my God
all
boy ask a question all boy I wna do it
you're in
charge so um great to meet you teddy by
the way great to you know share the
stage with you um what I would like to
know is um as an artist do you see
yourself do you start a piece and work
all the way through to finishing it or
do you start a piece and then you maybe
get another idea and you'll start
something else and then you have a few
tracks going and then you work through
and then finally you know finish them
one by one what's what's kind of your
process there so yeah I've got piles and
piles of paper because I've been writing
well since I was probably 10 years old
people encourage me to write and that's
a very strong form of magic because you
think you remember and we get high lots
of times people be high on mushrooms or
whatever and they think they're going to
remember everything they forget it all
lot of times we're in a metal band or
whatever guys got my Rifts I got my
Rifts I'm going to remember they're all
drunk boom you forget everything so
write it down so I have a whole bunch of
paperwork like everywhere just got piles
of paper piled on top of the
synthesizers and a lot of times they're
either punch lines or
their single ideas or their choruses or
I can write like sometimes I will just
have a thought and it'll it'll it'll
just bleed into a whole page or two
pages and it takes about two pages to
make 16 bars which is about a
verse so you know add them up and then
once you've got a topic or something too
because every time I'm
working I have an idea in my head and if
I don't write it down I'll forget it and
a lot of times it'll relate to another
idea so one of the smartest things I did
in my life was to keep a pen and a paper
in my pocket and write it down people go
what's this guy writing down is he
working with workers conversation board
don't worry about it leave me alone
but yeah I'm working on so many things
all the time and I it's just the process
that's the exercise so I wake up in the
morning and I'm always working on the
ark just to see how it is for me for you
to be the thing I'm the agent you know
I'm the 007 I realize that so no one
else is going to do the work unless I do
it yeah Teddy's got a mission oh boy
what's your mission tell us quick so we
know because I'm sure that half of
satanic congregation is is aroused and
needs to know what's your
purpose so my purpose so okay so
um
basically I just have
um an a
Fascination um with these with these old
texts and the way that kind of my goal
is I just want to put that information
out there because like as you were
saying before having access to the these
old texts you know it's almost like
there's there's a gem on every on every
page and there's just so many people who
either you know haven't got the time or
they haven't made time to go and read
and dive into these texts you know
people just want a short concise summary
so I just see it as really um a way of
documenting my own research and um and
just to present it in bite-sized chunks
that people can just easily consume and
they also get an Insight that can see
the texts and everything so you know
that they're also getting eyes on on
some of the text also so that's
basically my goal it's just documenting
the research presenting it into
bite-sized chunks that people can
consume give them the sources that they
can go away and then do you know further
reading if uh if the so wish perfect
perfect that's what I wanted people to
hear right um all that's going on here
whether it's music or whether it's
working with text it's all the very same
thing
we're honing in on one group one time
one place and we're looking at evidence
right and from that we find inspiration
we find that music just drives on I love
that I love that I want to thank you
both for you know working with you know
lady Babylon and being willing to you
know put in a lot of extra time without
me giving you
$49.95 or whatever
Stu that was hilarious I know I've seen
that guy but congratulations all boy
that Hadrian Wall stuff and the fact you
go there and you write very well my
mother wrote very well her handwriting
was good and I'm always impressed with
the stuff you do so hats off good
sir well thank you very much and you
know hats off to you um I'm a big fan of
music myself so you know it's great to
see um somebody pushing that music and I
love the way that you say it's like you
know it's like whether you're doing your
karate forms whatever you're going in
you're getting those reps in and um
that's what's important I think is just
doing a little bit every day to keep
that keep that mind firing and to keep
that uh that blade sharp you know what I
mean for sure the life is like a samurai
blade you know so got to keep it doing I
got I got something funny for you guys
right now about three hours ago this car
posted up around the street now I'm
pretty in a rural place I'm like hey
what is this and I'm I'm knocking down
trees I'm getting my firewoods and stuff
so I go by I pass my laser pass away I'm
like okay this person got to see what's
going on I check him out okay they're
just sitting there now it goes down to
dusk okay okay I'm gonna go up there so
I go with a big flashlight a powerful
flashlight go up I got a drunk Indian
Man passed out at the wheel baby it's
hilarious is is that not bakaa so I was
like oh yeah man drunk Indians and so
he's been there for three or four hours
now trucks but he he can't freeze to
death I guess if he's in the truck so
we'll play a little bit play a couple
seconds for the drunk
[Music]
Indian hopefully he doesn't die gets
home right
go out there and give him some give him
some coffee or something man you can't
let him stay out there in the flash I
called the girls down the way they put
it on Facebook he's gonna make the
Facebook for the whole they got their
Community thing the girls be like oh you
slept in your truck for four hours man
what are you doing so it's all good let
him know he's out there
you you know what he's in a peaceful
place you know so kudos for letting that
spear that land which is probably what
we stole from him you know what I mean
good for letting him have that Spirit
you know what I mean he's he's brain
like they're brainwashed by the Jesuit
stuff so like me I make stained glass
things I'm kicking over trees I'm doing
stuff they've been giving the money and
it has it has disempowered them you know
what I mean and you know what's really
funny is where I am the image of the
band is a girl with an eagle feather on
Horseback which of course is incredibly
cyient so when I look at the whole thing
I go that's the picture of the girl the
warrior chick on the horseback and the
horse is your is from from Asia anyways
baby so yeah they don't they don't know
their history it's very interesting
right so sexiness you know what you know
what those Jesuits did man they they to
they totally mindball mindball the
natives you know what I mean there
should they should be up on charges baby
for that kind of stuff I think somewhere
there is a native woman a spirit of
Revenge and she's waiting man she's
looking at what we got going on in this
country and she say it's what you jerks
deserve you know what I mean I just
have I have a thing called mate status
in Canada because they only have two
classifications either they consider you
First Nations or they consider you mate
it doesn't mean of French and they it's
out of Nova Scotia New Scotland Scot
which of course is cythia which of
course this Cath and all this type of
stuff you know what I mean the the the
words are there and you know the who is
her husband goog glass or whatever the
the Gaelic dude the from Greece so you
see that this all the and the words are
here and I have you know what I mean
indigenous status because of being Irish
is technically the way it is but they
call it mate te because that's how
Canada you have to do all these mind
flips got to jump
around hey hey ask all booy all booy is
that true about the Irish there what's
going on with that
man so in the um in the book of The
Taking of isand they talk about princess
scottia who was apparently the daughter
of a pharaoh who married um I think he
was called Nell who's meant to be um a
cian prince and they eventually give
birth to somebody called goal glaz and
um and they left cyia and then they
reach um the Iberian Peninsula where
they sell for a a time and this is
Generations down the line and there've
been prophesies that they'll see uh from
a tower this land in the west and then
from the top of a lighthouse at the
build there The View Island and then
that's when they eventually move from
the Iberian Peninsula which is like
Galia Northwestern Spain over to to
Ireland and but interestingly enough
there are groups of people called
brigantes who inhabited those regions so
yeah it's it's an interesting it's an
interesting story and um there there's
some interesting archaeology as well
which may lend some Creedence to to some
of that
information they've got oracles baby I
know that Oracle the Greek oracles made
it as far as Britany right I know that
for sure but you know you know it made
it over to Ireland you know that
oracular practice and that Spirit you
know it was in some kind of priesthood
somewhere you know what I mean and they
were doing stuff funky stuff you know
they were I don't know oh boy that's
that stuff is gorgeous history do you
find that a lot of people are kind of
drawn to that cuz I noticed one of your
videos that was dipping into that got a
lot of views you know and I thought
that's cool that's cool look you're
opening up your own area of history for
people to see you know tell tell me
something how does it make you
feel yeah I think um I think it's good
to see people having an interest again
in um in history and in the past I think
that's always a good thing and there's a
lot to be learned um especially from a
lot of these uh these authors I think
you can learn a lot from ancient minds
and the you know hurdles that they've
had to get over um for their
civilization to to move forward so I
think there's a lot of gems um hidden in
there so um I'm pleased people are
interesting and that video that that
seemed to get um quite a lot of interest
um I think it's because a lot of people
are searching for this stuff and that
particular video was about the
Declaration of uh of AR
broth um which is Robert the Bruce's
Declaration of Independence for for
Scotland addressed to pop at the time
and and in the Declaration um they
declare that they were from cyia in that
declaration as well and I think a lot of
people are interested in this so that's
that's why it gets searched a
lot yeah and people please remember um
the name of media that draconus
preserves that Holy sacred name and this
is a gift for the for the people who are
um really into in that historical media
which is a thing right this is a
phenomenon for those people remember
this is what they called her
historically
scua right lady cyia is what they called
her exactly sounds like cyia doesn't
it yeah and and it the Greek verb that
they had scuo means to be in a state of
intoxication
or it means to take scalps it's also
related to scalping
right yeah which by the way by the way
you know shout out to the maie again but
by the way um there are certain native
practices right there are certain native
practices that um the cians kind of use
to to perpetuate their own culture that
culture um and one of them was one of
them was scalping right and they had
this whole shaved head thing and what
that means right oh God what are you
doing you're doing what you're doing
what the syian women do right shaved
head you're bathing in cannabis you know
taking incubations and cannabis shaving
your head riding your horse and kicking
the ass of everyone I got pause you for
a sec there's this band called Burgeria
they do a song called Crystal de loka it
says Christ of the rock sells pure
cocaine to the children these lyrics are
insane when I got this Pat sent through
customs they held it for two and a half
weeks because it sort of looks like a
pedophile prime minister guy and you
know what might happen to pedophiles
because we all want the Epstein List
released and you know what's funny is
because it's like you know you might
have been like when you talked about the
gaping [ __ ] tonight I thought Tracy
Morgan called up when we were invited to
a Puff Daddy Quincy Jones party or
something something I was like what's
going on here man Jesus and I was like
this is rock and roll baby and I was
like and because I know for some people
that ask for the metal I might put some
metal songs on the Christmas record so I
ain't pushing thing I'm houseing
Frankenstein too this is my own vest
this a tour vest but they're Bruce area
and these guys did the song called
Christos de laoka I did a rap version of
these guys were like oh this cool
they're members of Like Fear Factory and
strappy young lad they're a bunch of
metal dudes so you go if there's people
out there like metal and stuff they'll
know this stuff but yeah aeria man and
this patch the Canadian government man
they flagged it and held it Customs like
I don't know if we let this patch
through anyways dude these there's other
people that knew the Christ thing was
about the drug and they were using kids
somehow they're like I thought it was
they use kids because when I grew up in
East Van like the young kids they' get
them to move the heroin because if a
kid's busted it's a different legal
process you can't really charge them all
these type of things it's a way
different process to prove who is moving
the drugs so but but if the kid was the
drug and the blood was the drug and the
sacrificing and then and then the people
selling the things anyway sorry to pause
you sir it just meant so much it all
comes down to no don't say sorry dude
that's why you're invited bro right the
free expression is everywhere I love it
um yeah that's why we're getting off on
all that all those poly pharmaceutical
mixtures that they've got right it's
crazy okay I want to thank you people I
I want you to see both Teddy and old
booy and I want you to see how they do
very different things right very
different things interested very and by
the way Teddy go out and help the dude
in the car please
but they do very different things but
yet at the same time they're both driven
by something that's compelling right
there you there's a compelling force and
to see that man it's just so much it's
just so much uh you know oh God what is
the force that you have you got to
bottle it and sell it what do you it's
Mojo right it's pure Mojo love it okay
fantastic I don't know what that was I
don't know what that was people don't
send me emails please about what's going
on okay take boy if if you get a chance
lady Babylon take take some time with
old boy you can spend some time with him
on the weekend Ryan when he's helping
out students and if you can listen
listen to Teddy R and enjoy it Ryan it's
fun it's good stuff I love it okay
pieces in the world check this out Pie
is in the world there's one thing my
distributor doesn't allow because of the
war half of the world wasn't allowed to
listen to my songs man so we want peace
baby how let the people listen to the
song stoping music okay what is wrong
with you
what's happening we got peace love and
hippies what's going on all right all
right um uh all boy is there anything
you want to say on the way
out um thank you for having me here um
you know so
um it was just it was nice to be asked
it was brilliant so thank you very much
and I just want to say thanks to you for
for pushing the Greek forward um for
giving me the gift of the Greek shout
out to Teddy for pumping out that music
you know good man and uh to everyone
who's taking the Greek stick with it um
there's there's people there to support
you so you know we'll get you through so
stick with it everyone gorgeous Teddy
Last
Words keep up your Elemental cues and
peas get them Greek letters in there
because it's the part of magic and
that's how they're fooling you so learn
the Greek it'll unravel everything pil
Satan glorious glorious thank you guys
for coming tonight and thanks to all the
satanic congregation and for everything
everything that you've been through and
you shared with me and the glory of it
thank you so much thank you teddy thank
you all boy hail
satanen C Jesus if riding with me P
Piper worthy pee the devil who stole the
babies shining lights eyes to see the
Pudo masquerade of the Devil Woman
Dragon Queen
Diana Athena
Sunny
disposition walking on the wide side
sail away to the lands far with the Wild
Things Are dipping Dragon Venoms free
digital scale for your dope dealing pill
crushing bad [ __ ] addiction Fus to Black
mirrors the living death for what is
real
Oria scoo up
[Music]
Med the Sorceress culture the crow
slaves to the dop tail Satan TR full of
gypsy
tears
Bo can do it like
I call me the
boie I'm going to one out